[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
type = PO

[FusionDirectory-109.addressbook]
file_filter = addressbook/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = addressbook/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.alias]
file_filter = alias/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = alias/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.apache2]
file_filter = apache2/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = apache2/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.applications]
file_filter = applications/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = applications/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.argonaut]
file_filter = argonaut/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = argonaut/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.autofs]
file_filter = autofs/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = autofs/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.certificates]
file_filter = certificates/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = certificates/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.cyrus]
file_filter = cyrus/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = cyrus/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.debconf]
file_filter = debconf/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = debconf/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.developers]
file_filter = developers/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = developers/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.dhcp]
file_filter = dhcp/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = dhcp/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.dns]
file_filter = dns/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = dns/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.dovecot]
file_filter = dovecot/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = dovecot/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.dsa]
file_filter = dsa/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = dsa/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.ejbca]
file_filter = ejbca/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = ejbca/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.fai]
file_filter = fai/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = fai/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.freeradius]
file_filter = freeradius/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = freeradius/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.fusioninventory]
file_filter = fusioninventory/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = fusioninventory/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.game]
file_filter = game/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = game/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.gpg]
file_filter = gpg/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = gpg/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.ipmi]
file_filter = ipmi/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = ipmi/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.kolab]
file_filter = kolab/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = kolab/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.ldapdump]
file_filter = ldapdump/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = ldapdump/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.ldapmanager]
file_filter = ldapmanager/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = ldapmanager/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.mail]
file_filter = mail/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = mail/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.mixedgroups]
file_filter = mixedgroups/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = mixedgroups/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.nagios]
file_filter = nagios/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = nagios/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.netgroups]
file_filter = netgroups/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = netgroups/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.opsi]
file_filter = opsi/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = opsi/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.personal]
file_filter = personal/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = personal/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.ppolicy]
file_filter = ppolicy/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = ppolicy/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.puppet]
file_filter = puppet/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = puppet/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.pureftpd]
file_filter = pureftpd/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = pureftpd/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.quota]
file_filter = quota/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = quota/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.repository]
file_filter = repository/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = repository/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.rsyslog]
file_filter = rsyslog/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = rsyslog/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.samba]
file_filter = samba/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = samba/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.sogo]
file_filter = sogo/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = sogo/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.squid]
file_filter = squid/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = squid/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.ssh]
file_filter = ssh/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = ssh/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.sudo]
file_filter = sudo/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = sudo/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.supann]
file_filter = supann/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = supann/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.sympa]
file_filter = sympa/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = sympa/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.systems]
file_filter = systems/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = systems/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.weblink]
file_filter = weblink/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = weblink/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

[FusionDirectory-109.webservice]
file_filter = webservice/locale/<lang>/fusiondirectory.po
source_file = webservice/locale/en/fusiondirectory.po
source_lang = en

